1. As a user, I want to see information about the GT Movies Store so I can learn more about the app and its purpose.
2. As a user, I want to register an account so that I can access the GT Movies Store.
3. As a registered user, I want to log in so that I can access my account data.
4. As a user, I want to be able to view the list of movies available in the GT Movies Store so I can make my selections.
5. As a user, I want to search movies per title so I can make my selections.
6. As a user, I want to be able to access a shopping cart so I can list all movie items I am willing to purchase.
7. As a user, I want to be able to add one or more items of a movie to my shopping cart so l can purchase them in the future.
8. As a user, I want to create movie reviews so others can use my insights when searching for movies.
9. As a user, I want to be able to remove all movie items from my shopping cart so I can have flexibility on what I purchase or not.
10. As a user, I want to edit my reviews so I have the freedom to change my mind about my reviews.
11. As a user, I want to delete my movie reviews so I have the freedom to change my mind about my reviews.
12. As a user, I want to see the reviews of a movie so I can have information on whether I should purchase a movie or not.
13. As a user, I want to see the details of a movie so I have the information to make my choices.
14. As a user, I want to see a list of my orders so I can track what I have purchased and my expenses.
15. As a user, I want to be able to access the GT Movies Store from any desktop using a web browser, so I can use the app anywhere with an internet connection.
16. As a user, I want the GT Movies Store to feature a responsive Graphical User Interface (GUI) so I can access it through different devices with diverse screen sizes.
17. As an administrator, I want to be able to manage (view, create, update, or delete)
users from the GT Movies Store so we can keep information up to date.
18. As an administrator, I want to be able to manage (view, create, update, or delete)
movies from the GT Movies Store so we can keep information up to date.
19. As an administrator, I want to be able to manage (create, update, or delete) reviews from the GT Movies Store so we can keep information up to date.
20. As an administrator, I want to be able to manage (create, update, or delete) orders from the GT Movies Store so we can keep information up to date.